the tactical force has just recovered the car
the people were this transition
when we received a complaint from France
our operations center
realizing that a vehicle
had been robbed
after the 15th of January
two people were injured the team giving their touch
The typhoon broke loose.
he tried to explain to him
I also gave the address
the store to the other team
we put it there and played a bad month locating civic independence
clubs
and it's b2
he was not there
was contacted with schools
these whole people
she also did not know what her heart
right there we got information about recall of being able to list cafu
we went to the place near his residence and vegetables
and we see his detention
and the dust of books the triad of tactics in March
he even confessed the crime cries
left that has 15 meters being six months in fall
he claimed wear
the world
on top of the piece of iron and rolled
or report
then you can not know if it's true or not
to stop the work
justin accused of
or cnt as such
eat candy
from next year
the depredation
sabotage
in the championship
narcotics
because I've been training well in practice
as a chemical dependent
silas can not break
Claudia complies with the law.